 The table setting for Seoul Garden: the soup pot in the middle for boiling food, and a hotplate around it for frying.
 soul cups cupcakes valentines display at say cheese in silver lake
 Puppy's eating matzo ball soup @ Jerry's in miami beach
 Hot pink cupcakes for Lillie's Wedding Shower. First use of baking in white candy cups. 
 18th Birthday cake tower, pink cupcakes topped with flowers on a Classikool cake stand. Cakes by Clare Chapman
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 obama cupcakes by flying monkey
 bear cupcakes in box
 Left:Jidori chicken confit, Right:octopus salad :Cabbage soup in a cup : Sauted vegatable in back
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 Urban Coffee Series - Thursday Dutch fish soup in espresso cup
 fish soup in ancient crock pot
 Happy visitor to the icecream van baths in flavour cloud
 This is a toasted rice ball in a green tea soup with crackers and green onions and nori strips. Very satisfying!
 fishhead soup (mystery fish) at the market adjoining yehliu geo-park, northern coast of taiwan.  Eyeball in the sticks.
 Japanese Ochazuke soup: sencha green tea to be poured over brown rice, baked salmon, &amp;amp; wasabi.Chicken sausage, naan &amp;amp; raita
 Food preparation area - see the plate of chicken and liver - that's what I had in my soup!
 Vanilla cake with colored layers in white, orange and yellow topped with SMBCHalloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 300 mini cupcakes and cutting cake in navy, lime green and white.
 Boston creme cupcakes in a pizza box
 noodle soup in white plate over the black background
 Getting ready to make flower pot cupcakes here are the toppers ready to go sugar cookies decorated in RI .
 pink rose cupcakes in a pot
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 cupcakes -- in black and white
 Mee Calong = noodles in clear soup with fish balls, tofu and beansprouts = yums! 
 winter garden in a rolling pink handmade box nourished by astronaut icecream style pellets
 Two cute fondant frogs in a pond sit atop this couples cake with some lovely cupcakes to match!
 Getting ready to make flower pot cupcakes here are the toppers ready to go sugar cookies decorated in RI 
 instead of getting her soup in a bowl like &amp;quot;normal&amp;quot;, the italian restaurant gave missy her soup in a box
 instead of getting her soup in a bowl like &amp;quot;normal&amp;quot;, the italian restaurant gave missy her soup in a box
 Chips and dip from Rose, vegetables from Jennifer, fresh fruit salad from Marianne and red velvet cupcakes make from scratch by Kara's mom.
 A Taste of Rubies Edible Favors - Red velvet cupcakes in little cute house boxes
 punk rock kitchen (necessary ingredient in vegan cupcakes)
 The view out the door whilst eating icecream at Fanny's on the last day in Hanoi.
 Raspberry &amp;amp; white chocolate mini cupcakes - customer wanted simple design in pink &amp;amp; green for girl's 2nd birthday
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 Teriyaki chicken over brown rice, salad, gyoza, California roll and miso soup. At Itsuki.
 Pretty in pink & silver cake & cupcakes for a combined 20th & 21st birthday
 the floor outside &amp;quot;St. John of God&amp;quot;'s soup kitchen in Abadiania
 Small white cake with baby in flower topper. cupcakes iced with bc with fondant accents
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 fish cake in soup
 I know it looks like pea soup green but it matches the yellow in the Kitchen very well.
 ubiquitous greens, fish buried in nuts, scalding duck soup
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 The chicken broccoli black bean soup, at the Broadway Grill, in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 Choclate cupcakes hearts, daisies, butterflies in red & pink
 wonderful chicken soup in Stock pot
 butterfly at the base of a tree trunk in the garden landscape cupcakes
 Left: black truffle explosion. Right: the hot potato-cold potato soup without the soup poured in the bowl yet.
 Left: black truffle explosion. Right: the hot potato-cold potato soup without the soup poured in the bowl yet.
 Made at home in a D.O. and moved to a crock pot for the office crowd (soup day).Ingredients:BaconOnionGarlicPepperCeleryChicken BrothHam HocksBeans
 Lunch on our boat cruise in China.  The shrimp was my favorite but beware of the fish soup...
 Dinner made by one of Kate's friends...yes, that is an entire chicken in the bowl of soup
 The duck was swimming around at Titchwell in a golden muddy soup.
 lunchtime! Left over chicken noodle soup, wheat fiber crackers and light laughing cow cheese.
 Cuban black bean soup in bread bowl
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 Birthday girl got a special box of Barbie themed cupcakes in her favourite colour pink.  
 A monkey getting the cold icecream treatment, in the shopping street leading to USJ.
 clear seafood soup in fish dumpling
 Scallop in pea soup with flying fish roe
 mixed fish ball soup.  I think there was shark meat in there.
 hearty chicken soup in a large pot with lid
 Thai rice noodle soup serve with slice chicken simmer in the soup and top with bean sprouts, green onion and fry garlic. 
 Thai rice noodle soup serve with slice chicken simmer in the soup and top with bean sprouts, green onion and fry garlic. 
 yes, she is sitting in a soup pot
 beginning stages of a corn soup - corn and onions saute-ing in the soup pot before the chicken stock goes in
 beginning stages of a corn soup - corn and onions saute-ing in the soup pot before the chicken stock goes in
 Getting some hand-dipped icecream on the way up to my lake house over Memorial Day weekend. 
 I made these cupcakes for a Halloween party  last year. Love the orange and black sprinkles against the green icing!
 cuppa soup in a plastic bowl -  sustainance of kings! Richard staring mournfully at reconstituted carrot.
 Testing my camera-phone-to-flickr on a bowl of instant udon soup. Soup by Annie Chun (instant add water and mix!)
 Grouper ball rice noodle in fish soup
 The flavor is &amp;quot;Oshiruko&amp;quot;, a sweet red bean soup with a rice cake floating in the middle.
 Extremely zesty orange and poppyseed cupcakes that leaves your tongue tingling.Made with oranges from tree in the backyard.
 yep, i made these. cupcakes in a pink box + cute wooden cut outs = pretty!
 page 2 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 page 2 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 chicken noodle soup and carrots in pot
 Spicy pig blood soup at night market in Taipei, Taiwan
 A warm basket of brown and white ryes. Mmm. We ate them with butter and dipped in our soup.
 Noodles in soup with chicken and green lettuce.
 The cake surrounded by cupcakes and a high heel shoe cake cutter.
 a lamp focused in a bowl of very spicy soup.
 turtle fish soup on river cruise in guilin
 Large cupcakes in clear plastic box...the box is so sweet, love this too :)
 thick mushroom soup in the black bread bowl
 A Spongebob white cake surrounded by 10 cupcakes showinf some of the characters from the show
 chicken breasts baked in marinade; the stock bubbles away on one burner, and the soup base gurgles on the other
 in case you were wondering how much cake flour you need for 200 red velvet cupcakes
 Keep in mind that for scale, that coffee cup is one of those extra huge soup bowl sized mugs... 
 ....part of the red bridge accross the pond around the Richmond Speedskating Oval...happy joyous Sunday!...off to make cupcakes at Crumsby's!!
 Day 3's lunch: Yang chuen noodle in cilantro soup (+ bok choy + fish ball + Chinese dumplings) by ME!
 Mini cupcakes with flower design. Suitable for hantaran/gift - in clear box with organza ribbon.Pls email aimishaz@yahoo.com for inquiries! :)
 Mini cupcakes in clear box again
 Let's Eat Together, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong KongWide, fettucine-like pumpkin noodles with chicken and black mushrooms in soup.
 If you boil the water you end up with a nice turtle soup in the Curacao Zoo.30.07.2005
 tire cupcakes in the window box
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us! 
 Cupcake tower with 55 regular sized vanilla cupcakes in black cases.Decorated with vanilla buttercream, and topped alternating silver and black stars and &amp;quot;21&amp;quot;.
 Cup of soup on glass plate at event in Sydney.
 my god-daughters birthday cake - she wanted a giant cupcake surround by little cupcakes all pink and sparkly
 mini chocolate cake surrounded by cupcakes, perched in a puddle of ganache.  Kinda resembles a bear paw.
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 A girl eating hot soup while a boy skates in Jubilee Gardens.
 View from my kitchen window.  The large soup pot is drying in the foreground--I made pasta in it yesterday.
 first time in life i tried the 100% genuine saito fish ball soup from Alward, hand-made in progress...ho cheak !
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 dog cupcakes made by our friends Bill and Marissa - for human consumption, just in the shape of furry friends
 Mesquite chicken with potato chunks and broccolli &amp;amp; veggies under salsa, and side cup of chicken soup.
 Lone fish cake roll in clear soup
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Matching shoe & bag cupcake box - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 The beautiful princess' castle cake made by Nana and Gramma complete with princess cupcakes
 different animal cupcakes along with the humpty dumpty cake by armi &amp;amp; roselle! banana choc chip cupcakes with butter icing.
 different animal cupcakes along with the humpty dumpty cake by armi &amp;amp; roselle! banana choc chip cupcakes with butter icing.
 I don't know if it has sonar , otherwise how does it find fish in the green soup
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us! 
 The first homemade dish eaten after my arrival in Texas, along with a big bowl of matzoh ball soup
 I loved that chicken and coconut soup and the way they decorate the plates with hand cut vegetables in flower shapes!
 Course 6: Octupus with dill on the fork, green garbanzo and garlic soup with mint foam in the bowl
 Brownies cupcakes with white n blue buttercream, decorated with roses n butterflies...supposedly for a wedding in Feb.
 beef ball &amp;amp; fish ball noodle in soup (garden cafe in alhambra)
 Wedding dress mini cake design and coordinating cupcakes in wedding party colors.
 Cooking bean with bacon soup on the stove in my red dutch oven. 
 My elder boy turned five.  And insisted we frost the cupcakes in orange and green.
 chicken and orzo soup, artisan break and beach bum colada cupcake with AWESOME lime curd in the middle!
 This lobster soup was served in a piece of stiff white paper in a fancy bowl. There's a lobster tail under that lobster head.
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Awhina's super girl cake & cupcakes - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 Mossy's Masterpiece - Awhina's super girl cake & cupcakes - Karratha cakes & cupcakes made locally by Mossy
 White fish cake (with seaweed and edamame and carrots), in a mushroom and chrysanthenum soup, topped with citrus pepper paste
 cupcakes for boys and girls in blue and pink
 We had chicken soup, barbecue, marinara pasta made by mom! And lola's cake and ice cream from lolita. Yummy!
 cupcakes in a vase, cupcakes decorated like roses to look like a bouquet of flower
 cupcakes in a vase, cupcakes decorated like roses to look like a bouquet of flower
 ...use a real free land chicken in a &amp;quot;Meissen Blue Onion&amp;quot; soup plate on a white tablecloth.
 Vanilla cake with colored layers in white, orange and yellow topped with SMBCHalloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 and celery in the blue bag - the offcuts went into the soup yesterday
 Pretty typical cream soup at some strange Haitian-themed restaurant in an office building in the Shiodome area.
 soup in black & white
 no, not a fly in my soup, just a tree in the road. this tree is the one covering the red truck. 
 Fish head in my soup with VERY white eye ball that kept falling out.
 Digging into the birthday cake (cupcakes in ice cream cones).Notice the great backyardigans coloring book from Tony
 This goes in a big bowl of chicken soup.
 I shook the liquid soup bottle that was in my bathroom and that is what it looked like. 
 Bought a bunch for making soup - had a bit left standing in a little pot of water.............
 12 cupcakes in the shape of a flower with pink butterflys complete this flower cupcake birthday cake
 These are the people who helped with the Saturday barbecue at the soup kitchen at the Holy Cross formation house in Santiago.
 Chocolate Christmas tree cupcakes with a peppermint cream star covered in gold and red glitter.
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 Tomato soup in my green bowl
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 Tiny cupcakes made by my fantastic husband...  white cake with whipped strawberry icing.
 this girl was in the battle with the chicken noodle soup dance
 Inspired by Anne @ the pink cake box!Order for a high school graduate, +36 cupcakes and 24 cookies
 kimchi, nasty version of &amp;quot;spaghetti&amp;quot; ..good soft squid mixed in red hot sauce, chicken and other things soup, rice
 cupcakes charmingly presented in a cardboard fruit packing box :0)
 pretty flower cupcakes above the seasame street ones
 Green tea icecream and mixed fruit bowl at the pan-asian restaurant in Ankara
 This fish soup had beef and chicken in it! It was very nice, though. 14/06/2006
 for our first breakfast in Saigon we had duck noodle soup from a street vendor... DE-licious!
 baby in the bath tub baby shower cupcakes
 Orange soup in blue soup bowl
 Orange soup in blue soup bowl
 orange flower water cupcakes with cardamom - viewed from above
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us! 
 Sauteed veggies in fillo dough, fruit salad, green salad with bibb lettuce. Oh: and black bean soup.
 Vanilla cupcakes baked in silver foil cases and topped with pale green fondant icing, finished with flower daisies.
 Raspberry white choc and white choc mud cupcakes with silver cachous, and fresh flower topper (provided by bride)
 We had a little farewell party with a cake and cupcakes for one of my colleagues in the office today. 
 Simple vanilla cupcakes with vanilla buttercream and pink mimosas, presented in butterfly baskets
 Chocolate mudcake and orange cake covered in fondant icing with matching vanilla cupcakes.
 Clam, seafood and chicken soup in a tea pot with sea food stock to drink in the tea cup!
 I have a cold today. This is my reflection in the pot while I'm heating up some chicken soup.
 home cooked meal by adrians sister...fish soup, dagalos, rice, duck and grilled fish
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 Provencal fish soup in the fish like bowl
 only when made by an pole you can call it chicken soup
 Part of the pooh bear cupcake towerCupcakes have been inspired by the gorgeous Kylie Lambert beauiful garden and butterfly cupcakes.
 These cupcakes accompanied a road sign birthday cake and were made for my older sons' fifth birthday in February 2009.
 Die cast car lledo made in england Campbell's soup truck 1997
 These cute cupcakes with the fireman hat picks were in 4 flavors Strawberry, Lemon, Chocolate, and Funfetti.
 Cupcake tower with 55 regular sized vanilla cupcakes in black cases.Decorated with vanilla buttercream, and topped alternating silver and black stars and &amp;quot;21&amp;quot;.
 A bowl of miso soup full of udon noodles and tofu, with a glass mug of green tea in the background.
 These colorful candies are made out of fish and melt in your soup!
 topsy turvy cake inspired by book by lindy smith. + cupcakes inspired by gingerbread house 
 i recommend buyng the icecream in a plastic cup before boarding
 Extremely zesty orange and poppyseed cupcakes that leaves your tongue tingling.Made with oranges from tree in the backyard.
 8 in beach cake plus cupcakes
 page 1 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 page 1 of a paper about cupcakes i accidentally grabbed in the library about cupcakes...or the death penalty
 JJ's homemade potato soup!  It was in the crock pot all day and made the house smell wonderful!
 Granddad in back, our older son - father, birthday girl and brother eating pizza before cupcakes
 Fish ball and minced pork in large bowl of soup
 soup in a dog bowl
 Mini cupcakes in clear box
 cat in the hat dr seuss cupcakes
 Rice and red beans in the banana leaf and soup with 'high fiber fruits, vegetables and yellow vine'
 Neat stained glass window in the Steak &amp;amp; Ale in Birmingham.  They have wonderful French onion soup.
 Dragan, Roger, Gaynor had fresh chicken soup at the the market in downtown Cuzco. Highly recommended! 
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Lavender infused cupcakes. Lit by the setting sunlight, diffused by a thin white curtain, through my kitchen window.
 Catching up again.Cooking in summady's kitchen in Melbourne.  It was a cross between beef stew and tomatoe soup. lol
 An illustration I did with boys in fancy dress standing on top of cupcakes
  penguins in icecream bowl ice cream composing penguin fantasy imagination cold sky 
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 Brownies cupcakes with white n blue buttercream, decorated with roses n butterflies...supposedly for a wedding in Feb.
 a set of chicken rice cooked by me. The soup - plenty of white cabbage, fish balls, and button mushrooms.
 A girl in sailor striped mini dress with her friend has bought an icecream
 cat in the hat cupcakes
 reflection in icecream van mirror of St Peter's Basilica
 Made at home in a D.O. and moved to a crock pot for the office crowd (soup day).Ingredients:BaconOnionGarlicPepperCeleryChicken BrothHam HocksBeans
 Chicken over rice &amp;amp; fish ball soup
 fish in the middle of rice deep fried ball thing in soup
 I made these cupcakes for a Halloween party  last year. Love the orange and black sprinkles against the green icing!
 tientsin cabbage braised in a superior soup with crab roe and white flower crab meat
  blue and brown wedding shower cupcakes, with handmade gumpaste flowers and leaves, in luscious lemon, brown butter pecan and pumpkin
 sautee the seaweed with garlic and crumble in ground beef, as the base for soup.
 Mini cupcakes topped with marshmallow fondant swirl Christmas trees in pink and white
 simple cupcakes with pink, black and white decoration, in lace paper wrappersEvent: Lauryn's 4th Birthday! 
 Ramen in Kuro soup base topped with beansprouts, fish cake, green onions, and kimchi.
 chicken with carrots, onions, red peppers, and garlic left over from starting a vegetable soup.
 A toy boat in a bowl of noodle soup blowing smoke. The view from a porthole.
 The vegetarian soup is in the green pot, because it's green.  Therefore, in the silver pot is meaty soup, because it's silver.
 The vegetarian soup is in the green pot, because it's green.  Therefore, in the silver pot is meaty soup, because it's silver.
 20 cupcakes covered in white buttercream icing make up this cupcake cake decorated like a baseball 
 My first proper meal in Singapore, fish ball soup with sugar cane juice at a local hawker centre!
 Camp chef specializing in oatmeal, everything but the kitchen sink soup and garbage bag salad!
 Big bowl deal; of fish, onion, mushroom and black pepper in egg noodles in soup at the Coventry Noodle Bar
 the la sal mountains off in the distance, in the fore ground are &amp;quot;soup bowls&amp;quot; in sand stone with lichen of various color
 Boiled shredded chicken in a white gravy with dumpling. Like a more hearty chicken noodle soup.
 Hearty pieces of minced fish and pork stuffed into eggplant, red chilli, fried tofu and bittergourd simmered in chicken soup.
 Vanilla cake with rich chocolate truffle frosted cupcakes and a white chocolate cameo dusted in pearl - romaaaaaaance, darling! 
 Pretty pink flower cupcakes in full glittery bloom!
 Curry NoodlesChinese egg noodles + rice noodles in curry soup base with vegetables, cuttlefish, pig's blood cake
 cat in the hat cupcakes 2
 Perhaps the most delicious fish ball soup you can find in all of Taiwan.
 The fish in the soup you see was alive about one minute before he reached the table
 making crayon cupcakes: de-labeled broken crayons in green bowl
 I had my chicken soup in that bowl first, so it's looking a little greasy....
 The classiest wedding cake ever.Note that there are only white cupcakes present, the colored ones were segregated in the kitchen.
 flying object over the soup table
 Close-up.A bit strange how the water from the soup gets suched up in the rice leaving the green borccoli stuff unevenly distributed.
 The market house in annapolis, eating some soup while sketching with emily. Down town annapolis is full of life.
 noodle soup in white plate over the black background
 fish ball noodle soup.  dish we often ad in singapore
 This is the bowl of soup Angeline found a chicken foot in while in Ecuador.  Maybe talon is the correct term
 Gale and I having hot ,home made chicken soup on a side street in Charlevoix
 chocolate mud cupcakes iced with red and black fondant in an attempt to look like a ladybird/lady bug.
 wedding cupcakes vanilla sponge in silver foil cases with white vanilla frosting, butterflies, glitter and silver dagrees
 tom yam fish soup cooked in pot
 Bird eating tomato soup in the kitchen with Sylvia
 Jeremy next to a cave. The small icecream box in the middle has a guest book you can sign!
 Final ingredients for the soup: cooked chicken breast, cilantro, lime zest, cornmeal dissolved in water
 During the show at the soup kitchen - Tony in the blue hat
 My granddaughter Charlotte '4' eating a much enjoyed '99' icecream at the beach in Seapalling, Norfolk
 Simple yellow cake with buttercream cupcakes for a dear friend in a nursing home.
 A cup full of yellow split peas and red lentils, all ready to go in the soup!
 soup near a dog on a box
 inspired by pink cake boxchocolate cake with buttercream, covered in fondant.  Southern yellow cupcakes, chocolate cupcakes iced in vanilla buttercream
 inspired by pink cake boxchocolate cake with buttercream, covered in fondant.  Southern yellow cupcakes, chocolate cupcakes iced in vanilla buttercream
 Groom's cake table...3 dozen mini cupcakes in butter white with coordinating colors for the celebration. 
 facts no #443:Don't you know its hard to eat a soup in the sub ocean floor
 Small white cake with bc and fondant accents. Accompanied by decorated cupcakes
 An easy chicken and corn soup, with just under five ingredients, including water
 The cake was a bunch of cupcakes in the shape of a butterfly - I forgot to take a picture of it.
 last breakfast in Pundakit: fish soup, itlog [eggs], + fried white rice
 Chocolate mudcake butterfly cake covered in Fondant icing with 100 vanilla cupcakes (75 displayed and 25 in the kitchen)
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 The car dealership brought in the icecream truck so everybody could have desert
 the clear liquid in the bowl is soup made from boiled yak bones, and the pink stuff is &amp;quot;carrots&amp;quot;
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Hi hat cupcakes - red velvet cupcake with green italian meringue dipped in semi-sweet chocolate.Halloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 sneaking a peek at my dinner tonight noodles, garlic chicken + kastanje mushrooms in a spicy coconut soup base :)
 wang bu liu xing /  creeping figuse fruit as tonic in soup with green papaya to produce breast milk 
 White fish cake (with seaweed and edamame and carrots), in a mushroom and chrysanthenum soup, topped with citrus pepper paste
 bear bathing in a green soup
 @ Saegreifinn (Sea Baron) - a tiny fish shack in the harbor.  Lobster soup, the house specialty lived up the hype.  
 This was Trish's favorite meal.  It was a soup with chicken marrinated in red wine.
 blue moon cupcakes made with blue moon beer in both the frosting and cake (along with orange zest and coriander)
 Powered chicken soup in the kitchen area.
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 Vanilla cupcakes in pink dotty cases (squires) and topped with pink frosting and pink and white butterflies.
 Lunch today was chicken pizza and vegetable soup from Village Pasta in Cole Habour.
 The bike with airballoon and a boy enjoying his icecream at Roemer in Frankfurt a.M. Germany.
 Pictures of the couple and the &amp;quot;Now and Forever&amp;quot; sign set up near the cake and cupcakes. 
 A girl reading her book on her break in an icecream shop in Dublin Italian Quarter
 Out door hotspring. You can totally see ball soup from a window in the building.
 This is a butterfly cake with bubblebee cupcakes swarming all around it.
 Grandma made the cake and the lion cupcakes were created by Mommy and Grandma
 Proper tomato and lentil soup in a proper bowl on a proper plate on a table with a proper cloth. 
 Regular and mini cupcakes in polka dot cases, decorated with a swirl of buttercream and flower and butterflies in 3 shades of pink
 Green bean, red bean, grass jelly, and clear white jelly in a sweet soup.
 my cousins wedding cake in june. top tier fruit then the cupcakes are carrot cake and lemon cake.
 chocolate &amp;amp; yellow cake cupcakes made by tinzers and me..
 red velvet and chocolate chocolate.The chocolate cupcakes are slightly short for the box inserts which results in frosting casualties.
 Selection of swirly buttercream cupcakes finished in white and pink buttercream decorated with multo coloured degree balls and pink stars
 fish ball noodle soup in Holland Village, block 46.
 Looking through the window at the cupcakes. The guy in the hat is the cupcake &amp;quot;bouncer.&amp;quot;
 Vanilla cupcakes with buttercream icing and pearlized pink, silver and blue sprinkles sitting in brown folded muffin cups.
 At their house in Papamoa, a nice warm/clean bed and yummy soup! thank you.
 Lunch! Leftover chicken thighs cooked in cream of mushroom soup, smothered over white rice. Delicious.
 cupcakes for boys and girls in blue and pink
 Duo baby cupcakes in box - for door gift
 Buttery poundcake cupcakes with whipped vanilla bean butter cream and fondant hearts in shades of blue and green
 Final ingredients for the soup: cooked chicken breast, cilantro, lime zest, cornmeal dissolved in water
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 Lien made a great dinner, steamed Basa fish in soya sauce, chicken and egg drop soup, rice and cucumber. Yummy!
 Inspired in Cinnabon cupcakes: vanilla cake filled with cinnamon and brown sugar, topped with cream cheese frosting and cinnamon caramel.
 18 cupcakes covered in chocolate icing outlined in blue icing and simply decorated with pink flowers
 Honest to God matzo ball soup in China! Yes, that's a chicken foot.
 unfortunately, the cupcakes were destroyed in the car ride to her house
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 This was the stock soup they made from the bonito. Popped in a fish cake there.
 cupcakes made by Daddy - brown bear, fish, panda bear and turtle
 Beach cupcakes - graham bears decorated with royal icing swim suits and sunglasses.  Graham bear buried in sand
 Oh Boy!  Chocolate beach themed baby shower cupcakes - baby feet in the sand
 Cath Kidston inspired retro rose cupcakes in elegant blue and vintage red theme, designed by Bakey Bakey.
 Enjoying a bowl of fish soup, in a traditional Sami Lavuu
 Raspberry white choc and white choc mud cupcakes with silver cachous, and fresh flower topper (provided by bride)
 Didn't fancy any of soups on offer today so it's a Thai green curry in a box day.
 Pink lemonade cupcakes with red and blue flowers; s'mores cupcakes with chocolate clay flowers.  Invitations by Erin Bardar.
 Pink lemonade cupcakes with red and blue flowers; s'mores cupcakes with chocolate clay flowers.  Invitations by Erin Bardar.
 Vanilla sponge with vanilla buttercream frosting cupcakes in pink with white polka dot cupcake cases.Swindon May 2010.
 Box of 9 boy baby cupcakes with homemade decorations in blue sugar/flower paste
 What I've been waiting over two years for... a real HK fish ball noodle soup!
 7 dozen red velvet mini cupcakes with marshmallow fondant gerbera toppers in red, orange, yellow turquoise, and lime green.
 Amazing pirate boy cake and cupcakes by Michele
 Had to cross over to the darkside to pull that mountain range out of highlight soup.
 Carrot cake cupcakes with green and black (dark chocolate) toppers to work in the wedding colors.
 takes out icecream cup & looks to see what else is in bag
 Sketch of a red and white clutch in oil cloth with a gold button closure. The back says &amp;quot;soup&amp;quot;
 I use my 580 EXII with a white umbrella in the floor next to the icecream
 Raspberry white choc and white choc mud cupcakes with silver cachous, and fresh flower topper (provided by bride)
 A fishermans birthday!  Fish cake and matching cupcakes.  BC icing, fondant accents, and gummy worms!  RKT fish covered in fondant
 eighty cupcakes in total. Cupcakes were caramel white chocolate cake with buttercream frosting
 A typical street food stand in Vietnam - This woman is serving fish and jelly-fish rice noodle soup
 sugar free black raspberry and dark chocolate icecream bar by Blue Bunny. they're good. but they've got rules.
 The guy in green puts fish soup into cups. Later, the moti cakes will be inserted there.
 vanilla cupcakes decorated with buttercream in lime, pink and white topped with butterflies and flowers.
 pink ribbon cupcakes in box
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 Vanilla cupcakes in spring pink dotty cases (squires) topped with pink frosting and butterflies with little flower details on their wings.
 The brown of the dress against the green of the background makes me hungry for mint-choc-chip icecream
 Cupcake tower with 55 regular sized vanilla cupcakes in black cases.Decorated with vanilla buttercream, and topped alternating silver and black stars and &amp;quot;21&amp;quot;.
 24 cupcakes covered in buttercream icing airbrushed yellow/green with pink and purple roses, green vines and a flying tinkerbell topper
 Apple cake with white chocolate mousse on top, and marinated blood mandarin(and caramel icecream in the background)
 Taiwan's &amp;quot;lo mei&amp;quot;After selecting the ingredients into the soup in the pot with heatingUbiquitous snack street
 Squash soup, chicken mayo onigiri (rice ball wrapped in nori, seaweed), pineapple tea. Tasty but a bit boring.
 The lady who sells chicken soup on a street corner off Yanji Street in Taipei. 
 The stained glass windows inside St. Vincent de Paul's soup kitchen in downtown Louisville.
 Broccoli and cheddar soup in a bread bowl = win.Taken: my desk at Emory ~ 2:35pm
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us! 
 Made at home in a D.O. and moved to a crock pot for the office crowd (soup day).Ingredients:BaconOnionGarlicPepperCeleryChicken BrothHam HocksBeans
 The good boy looking over his birthday cake.  The cake was actually made with cupcakes!
 A girl in sailor striped mini dress with her friend near the icecream booth
 with a big candle in a box of icecream!
 CoCo's Easter Basket - six gorgeous cupcakes decorated like Easter eggs nestled in a cute wicker basket with a pretty ribbon. 
 bibimbap in hot stone bowl served with tofu soup (mild) on the side
 cupcakes made for a friend, pregnant of a boycupcakes are presented in a wooden decorated box
 thin beef with soba noodle soup and deep fried fish cake (sanuki sandou in mar vista)
 Big round gold rim glass plate for soup or chowder presentation used as glass dinnerware in fine restaurant dining presentation
 Job, Thomas and Grace are enjoyinga bowl of fish soup on Grandville islandhighly recommanded by Dorcas.
 obama cupcakes by flying monkey
 The residue of the cat fish in my pepper soup.
 hearts and chicken spaghetti soup in an oversized goldfish mug
 christmas 2009 in the kitchen while we were making cupcakes with her new girl gourmet cupcake maker
 Chocolate flavored beach inspired cupcakes with cool vanilla bean flip flop cake in birthday girl's favorite colors.  
 One of the dangers people never speak of - at the beach, sand can get in your chicken noodle soup.
 Coco ,mark and I,at a coffee bar in colon ,two cup of coffee and a big icecream .
 Vintage 1980s orange icecream in a cup eraser.
 Each person also had a bowl of rice noodles in soup. 
 Chocolate cupcakes with vanilla buttercream decorated to match the baby shower invites in forest green, brown and with little birds.
 Once again I made some vampire-themed cupcakes. I brought them over to a friend's house for a Twilight book discussion.
 sautee the seaweed with garlic and crumble in ground beef, as the base for soup.
 noodles with pigs' feet in red bean curd stew, fish balls and rice noodle soup
 Homemade chicken soup, eating it in the pot!
 the entire thing is made of cupcakes, he lays in a dirt bed of chocolate cake crumbs
 Friday, 20 March 2009 18:11:44 Today, walking home, I found the icecream truck in front of my house
 Getting ready to make flower pot cupcakes here are the toppers ready to go sugar cookies decorated in RI 
 Nothing cures the soul like homemade chicken soup + my furry partner in crime
 Vegan red velvet cupcakes with green vanilla icing, in front of the Christmas tree!
 duck soup in a river hut
 The water was so warm it was like swimming in soup. That's a good thing, no really.
 The soup tureen always catches my eye in this shot of the kitchen shelf in my Aunt Eva's house in Mississippi.
 Made in planet cake cupcakes book lauch, Had lots of fun! 
 blue and brown wedding shower cupcakes, with handmade gumpaste flowers and leaves, in luscious lemon, brown butter pecan and pumpkin
 Zenzai.... Rice cake in the red beans sweat soup
 White bean chicken chili with cheese. Fall and Winter mean soup in our house and this turned out really well.
 Tonkatsu sauce in the gray container, miso soup, sesame seeds in the blue bowl, rice in the black
 pumpkin curry soup over brown rice with yogurtsalmon on green salad with honey mustard dressingthanks Sakula!!!
 Raspberry white choc and white choc mud cupcakes with silver cachous, and fresh flower topper (provided by bride)
 These cupcakes were customised hence each sail boat and life buoy was sculpted in fondant by hand.
 dog face cupcakes, all done in buttercream
 Making the soup - After putting most of the soup in the refrigerator, enjoy a bowl of homemade chicken noodle soup. Yum!
 Making the soup - After putting most of the soup in the refrigerator, enjoy a bowl of homemade chicken noodle soup. Yum!
 Making the soup - After putting most of the soup in the refrigerator, enjoy a bowl of homemade chicken noodle soup. Yum!
 of the tree and soup. the &amp;quot;tree&amp;quot; is actually a stump table carved in hourglass fashion. 
 fish cake and rolled egg in dashi soup.
 dog face cupcakes.  All done in buttercream
 Miso soup in a pretty red bowl
 Anemone flower cake surrounded by mini cupcakes
 glass noodle in prawn &amp;amp; lemon grass soup w mushroomyum &amp;amp; tum @ central world
 Valentine's Treats - I LOVE YOU and heart cupcakes in pink heart bowl
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 The cake was a bunch of cupcakes in the shape of a butterfly - I forgot to take a picture of it.
 Black and silver celebration cake and matching cupcakes created by Cakescrazy.co.ukCupcakes by Cakescrazy.co.uk
 There's a chicken in my soup bowl !
 it was pumpkin soup at a table by the window
 Vanilla cake with colored layers in white, orange and yellow topped with SMBCHalloween cupcake order for 5 doz cupcakes
 Here's their house ramen for a decent $8. Mushrooms, bean sprouts, and tasty soup base beneath
 Flower pot cupcakes in progress. Experimenting with baking in paper cups since they are the perfect flower pot shape. 
 The freebie bowl of soup. Come in a neat wooden box.
 breakfast at a small ryokan in Kyoto Japan  Miso soup rice pickles fish soy cake and egg with tea.
 Beef ball soup, in a bowl which could be used for popcorn or serving chips at a party. Seriously. 
 instant noodle soup with chicken breast 3 - in the pot
 We met up with the birthday girl on the Mall, with cupcakes and a bubble machine in tow.  They had a blast!
 Breakfast in the German Village. Not eating paper cupcakes though. 
 flour ball filled with peanuts and red bean in gingery soup
 i loved the panes of warped glass at stone soup kitchen in cabbagetown.
 vanilla cupcakes with cream cheese frosting in a yellow flower pot
 fancy souped up vehicle that was shown at the blue haven campground car show in 2005
 With the yellow brick road and a sleeping dorothy in the field of poppies. Part of a birthday gift box of cupcakes.
 Stilton and Broccoli soup in Johnson Bros Rosedawn bowl.Seedy brown bread on Woods Ware Iris side plate
 Paul ordered the worst soup ever, called Turtle soup...it tasted like um, a turtle in brown gravy. yummy.
 Paul ordered the worst soup ever, called Turtle soup...it tasted like um, a turtle in brown gravy. yummy.
 CoCo's Easter Basket - six gorgeous cupcakes decorated like Easter eggs nestled in a cute wicker basket with a pretty ribbon.
 Cute monkey cake surrounded by matching monkey cupcakes!!
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 Ladybug cupcakes set in a garden with flowers, bees, grass &amp;amp; a bird
 Heart cupcakes in clear box
 Finding nemo cupcakes in box with sign
 This guy was sitting at the curb in front of the office eating an entire 12-pack of cupcakes.
 Summer flower cupcakes inspired by Fair cake
 Vanilla cupcakes with meringue flower decoration and custom made fondant butterfly by Vanilla Bean!
 street soup in Bangkok.  mmmm, check out the chicken livers!  not bad actually.  
 Herbal chicken soup with goji berries. Soup is sometimes kept hot with plastic wrap over it, and served that way.
 Great for a younger girl or teen birthday party! Can be used for cake or cupcakes!Purchase in my shop: Etsy.com/shop/GoodiesByMelissa
 Mee Soto:  Noodles served in a bowl of spicy soup with shredded chicken and deep-fried mashed potatoes.
 Part of the pooh bear cupcake towerCupcakes have been inspired by the gorgeous Kylie Lambert beauiful garden and butterfly cupcakes.
 Classic yellow cake cupcakes with  pink and brown sparkles, sprinkles, dots and swirls. for the girly-girl in all of us! 
 kim's tom yum soup! in a cute little pumpkin bowl
 Butternut quash soup with salmon confit (in duck fat), cipollini marinated in maple syrup and herb bouquet
 DITL : Two flavors of cake batter going on, plus the tortilla soup was thrown in the crock pot
 Had white cake mix lying around.  Decided to play around with some spices and made mini-vanilla-cardamom+pumpkin spice cupcakes.
 Vanilla cupcakes with pink polka dots and brown jimmies sitting in chocolate brown folded muffin cups.
 bear in the chicken curry soup bath
 rice ball in soup with salmon roe
 Fruit cake in the middle, baked by mum &amp;amp; iced by me; red velvet cupcakes on the outside, baked by Marion &amp;amp; me
 OUR YUMMY LUNCH! I drank 2 bowls of the soup and could eat the whole chicken by myself
 Lightly grilled Rice cake in red bean soup
 Our seats around the table were marked by cupcakes with name tags on them. 
 I thought the soy sauce bottle was cute :) And the instand dashi is lovely in miso soup.
 Angela stopped by to bring me some homemade chicken noodle soup and brought her new puppy to visit as well.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Fried green tomatoes, she crab soup, shrimp corn dogs etc from @amenstreet in Charleston
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 cheese cake and zenzai(sweet red bean soup)apparently yummy!!Yanbaru, Okinawa, JapanMay, 2007taken by Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FX01
 My balls are too big!(That's what he said...)But they were delicious in my chicken soup!
 This is grilled chicken with rice wrapped in banana leaf. Rice is unlimited; soup is not in the picture. Total is $2.50.
 Fried green tomatoes, she crab soup, shrimp corn dogs etc from @amenstreet in Charleston
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Clever wedding cupcakes!  7 dozen red and white velvet cupcakes covered in vanilla buttercream and fondant to look like red apples.
 Clever wedding cupcakes!  7 dozen red and white velvet cupcakes covered in vanilla buttercream and fondant to look like red apples.
 funny name, awesome food.... there was curry, almonds and grapes in my chicken salad... mmmm. and that is chicken and dumpling soup.
 chicken soup cooked in young coconut water
 Rice balls in soup with red bean and peanut
 Vanilla cupcakes with pink or blue frosting, covered in sweeties and an initial for each of the grand-children.
 Lunch #1 - fish balls in noodle soup, and milk toast.
 animal crackers in my soup, monkeys and lions loop the loop...
 A whole chicken in a pot soup. It's a classic.
 Dueling soups by Chase Johnson. The chicken won. Undersized top stones for the cook surface.
 Vanilla sponge cupcakes decorated with fondant icing and fondant hearts and roses in bridal white and soft pink.
 Old FP4 glass plate Shot in a Zeiss Ikon folder @ 20asa souped in R09 1:20 for 8 mins
 Brocolli, Crispy beef in orange sauce, wanton soup, brown rice
 goldfish + tomato soup + coffee in a red mug
 The top of my Mums 60th birthday cake.  You can see the full cake in my cakes and cupcakes set
 8&amp;quot; cake covered in fondant and fresh flowers; ganache frosted cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, fresh fruit tartlets, and royal icing sugar cookies.
 onion soup in the blue pot
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Weetos, biscuits and custard. Followed by chicken soup with golden syrup cake in it.
 ...is a cupcake. 2 dozen rose swirled cupcakes half chocolate and half vanilla in pink, white and brown colour scheme
 Blood orange and nutemeg cupcakes with lemon cream cheese icing and blood orange jellies. 100% home made by me!
 Peanut butter cupcakes with chocolate butter cream frosting!Kitschy plastic rose dessert picks by A. Bel Emporium on Etsy.
 The soup and fish stuffed bits come in different bowls and you spoon it over your noodles...yum.
 chicken and wild rice soup. i really need a haircut and to do something about the white walls in here.
 Two boys enjoying their icecream in the street next to the citywall.
 RSPCA cupcakes - ducks and cats coexist in peace
 in the kitchen nook... orange tea, salad, and home made tortilla soup. 
 Heading home to my most favourite dish in the whole wide world: mum's chicken soup. 
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Anthony eating soup in a plastic box
 Worn dish rag on top of a soup pot in a street vendor cart.  Yogyakarta, Java, Indonesia.
 Passionfruit cream cheese and double choc mud cupcakes. Topper cake: raspberry white chocolate with fresh flowers (provided by bride).
 homemade chicken soup made in my grandmother's pot 
 We took in cupcakes decorated with paper flowers before heading to McDonald's to meet Daddy for birthday lunch.
 The Mullinahone famine soup kitchen is now a private home, but still bears the marking &amp;quot;soup&amp;quot;  above the plaque.
 The Mullinahone famine soup kitchen is now a private home, but still bears the marking &amp;quot;soup&amp;quot;  above the plaque.
 Two candles in two cupcakes for the two-year-old boy.  Baxter, standing by for crumbs.
 mmm...monk jump over the wall yellow soup!
 Ben in front of the pea soup green door
 Port Askaig again. We have a fine round of soup and toasties from the German girl in the white house.
 Returning libary books ... and throwing away an old can of soup ... with a flower in my hair.  Random.
 The big people's cake (leftover banana and cranberry cake from the christening - yum) surrounded by cupcakes decorated by Thom
 being creative in the kitchen -- making banana soup
 soup & bread + a glass of Kaiser bier eating in Austria
 pink cupcakes and a giant coconut cake from Lark Cake Shop in Silver Lake (from heather's set)
 Noodle soup in a bag hanging from my scooter handlebars as I ride home to eat
 Vanilla sponge butterflies coated in white chocolate and vanilla cupcakes 
 black sesame paste balls in ginger soup for dessert
 brought home some cupcakes from tea cake bakeshop in lafayette
 Lemon birthday cupcakes with yellow flowers by Cupid Cupcakery
 Cats Rules!!! Wild party cats are leaping with joy over birthday cupcakes!  Great card for cat lovers! Meow!
 Angela stopped by to bring me some homemade chicken noodle soup and brought her new puppy to visit as well.
 My red velvet cupcakes in the oven
 wedding cupcakes,pink and white iced-Cakes by Ash-Eggless cakes
 From pea soup fog to a clear blue sky in only 3 minutes.  Amazing....
 Little fruit cake cupcakes in clear boxes.
 Fried green tomatoes, she crab soup, shrimp corn dogs etc from @amenstreet in Charleston
 At the Glebe Street Fair, enjoying an icecream after getting clothes covered in animal dung at the petting zoo
 Vanilla base cupcakes with pink frosting and a vanilla buttercream rose in the top.
 So to apease me is get two fish balls included in my soup.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 double boiled chicken & wolfberry soup in purple clay cup
 dark chocolate/ white chocolate mousse, lemon /lemoncello cupcakes in a black and white theme.
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 4. Sliced over a bowl of chicken soup with rice
 We had champagne, candles and cupcakes on the beach after a nice dinner at Peg's on Beach Boulevard in Gulfport.
 Our executive chef poaches a duck egg to float in our turtle soup.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 I had one of these home grown chicken for lunch. Once in home cooked chicken curry and again in home cooked chicken soup.
 tim trying to suck-up by plating his soup in cute cups
 beef ball soup with a bull skull in it. (didn't have the guts to try)
 I made these boxes too. These are made in candy cup liners and are smaller than mini cupcakes.
 weekend specials: vegetarian Italian wedding soup, Viet salad, burritos, rice ball in Matcha green tea broth..
 plain sponge cake filled with jam and cream, covered in fondant and chuggington rice paper. plain sponge cupcakes covered in orange buttercream and chuggington rice paper.
 No dog or duck in this dish, just cow and rice cakes swimming in hot soup.
 A gift box filled with vanilla and lemon cupcakes in tones of cream and pink.
 Rice cakes in red bean soup, imperial style
 "Oshiruko"_sticky rice cakes in sweet red bean soup
 Amy and Ian eating a bowl of soup in a small cafe in New York
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 12/27/05 - My fish ball noodle soup, with a piece of fried fish skin soaking in the soup
 12/27/05 - My fish ball noodle soup, with a piece of fried fish skin soaking in the soup
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 A girl can be seen eating dinner, probably rice with a potato and tomato based soup poured over it.
 Light Bulb reflected in a bowl of soup on black kitchen slab. Shot at my Pune home.
   Glen Lyon post office 2006 and the best home made soup in the world.
 the yummy roasted pumpkin soup in the cute little orange pot
 Mom lights the candles on the cupcakes while the girls watch in anticipation.
 After 10 days in China, we welcomed the girls home with cupcakes.
 cupcakes with flowers in grass
 Moustache / All street trading is prohibited in the City of London (ie. no icecream vans for the children)
 brown sugar cupcakes in the oven
 tara goe's cute topiary cupcakes in boxes
 Mini cupcakes in blackberry and apple, black forest, chocolate orange, chocolate, raspberry ripple, blueberry ripple, and lemon flavours.
 soup pots on food street in Wuhan
 Yummmm.. sesame mochi balls in red bean soup.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Asian Home Gourmet red curry soup over brown rice
 Ivory square wedding cake with butterflies dusted in gold. with matching cupcakes
 Angela stopped by to bring me some homemade chicken noodle soup and brought her new puppy to visit as well.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Ellen (wearing glasses in the back) and Steve (concentrating on his matzo ball soup)
 For Ben. The roll is beheaded cupcakes stuffed with sour straw candy, and wrapped in green apple fruit rollups...
 Glutinous rice balls stuffed with black sesame paste in preserved petals of sweet osmanthus and fermented glutinous rice soup
 USA, silver plated soup spoon with round bowl and  logo in raised lettering on front, 15,5cm
 Double bowl is great, I got to try spicy noodles in soup &amp;amp; black bean noodles!Both were yummy!
 Rice ball with salmon in soup
 The soup kitchen has evolved from a small wooden expansion to a solid kitchen, in a lovely pink color.
 We had homemade chicken noodle soup over mashed potatoes and apple crisp for dessert. 
 A shot of spicy chicken soup in the hotel bar at happy hour
 Colourful cupcakes in clear resin and encapsulated in a sterling silver dome. Domes and chain are sterling silver. 
 Chocolate cupcakes filled with chocolate Bavarian cream. Leaves are white chocolate painted over apple and roses leaves bow and flowers are fondant.
 Phenomenal soup!! Boiled in a paper bowl with charcoal underneath.
 Chocolate cupcakes for a 2-year old's birthday.  All the butterflies and flowers were in bright orange, pink, and yellow.  
 Fried green tomatoes, she crab soup, shrimp corn dogs etc from @amenstreet in Charleston
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 lunch, apples in that chicken soup!!
 I made cupcakes and white chocolate dipped fruit as well as i dipped them in the themed color sugars
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 pumpkin soup in a blue pot
 We put some chunks of chicken in this bowl of duck soup. Kirby finishes the bowl and munches on some chicken.
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 tofu soup.  the red one is made by the blood of ducks
 Espresso flavored cupcakes in paper coffee cups with cinnamon vanilla icing. 
 M swimming in some fish soup
 A three layered choc mud cake wiith choc ganache, and layers of mocha and lemon raspberry mini cupcakes in matching foils. 
 These were very last minute cupcakes.  Butter cake with sour cream and white chocolate, with vanilla bc covered in fondant.
 miso soup bowl in red lacquer
 Just playing around with colors! Vanilla cupcakes topped with blue and yellow vanilla buttercream rose swirls. 
 sitting in the shade having my tomato soup watching people pick up their bags
 A Magenta tower with handmade roses and mini rose budsA Vanilla cutting cake and cupcakes in Chocolate, Toffee, Gingerbread flavours 
 happy birthday candles in front of bryan's cake and cupcakes
 Flower H'mong tribeswomen eating noodles in soup at market
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Stopped in at Canter's for a fine bowl of matzo ball soup for dinner.  Yum!
 lemon yellow raspberry cupcakes under glass
 a dozen red velvet cupcakes &amp;amp; a dozen red roses b/c he will be in NY during valentine's day...
 these balls cooked  in the hot pot (steaming soup) ,very delicious~
 Dr.Seuss fish in the bowl cupcakes cake!
 melon balls with matching sorbets in a honeysuckle flower soup
 Red velvet cupcakes adorned with red roses in a martini glass. Love at first sight 
 After 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Mini flowered cupcakes in pink and green by Soignee. 
 Vanilla cake covered in fondant icing with gumpaste roses and vanilla cupcakes with buttercream icing.
 jars of customised Sticky rock candy &amp;amp; boxes of mini cupcakes by Selendang Sutera, decorated by Mimpi Murni
 for soup in a plastic cup and fries
 Wedding cupcakes in vanilla sponge with gluten-free fruit cake on top tier. Decorated with sugarpaste gerberas. July 08.
 Vanilla sponge cupcakes decorated with fondant icing and fondant roses in bridal white and soft pink.
 Noodles soup in plastic bags
 PJ's chicken noodle soup in bread bowl
 Made 120 mini cupcakes in yellow and orange.  Got to use my new boxes and carriers :).  
 Chicken wonton soup.  Thin skin wonton, veggies, served in home made chicken stock.
 Tomato soup in a brown bowl
 Dried flowers for soup in Guard house at Lake Nyos
 Baklava and lemon marshmallow cupcakes in the world's flimsiest cake box. 
 Also designed with dinner plate, mug and soup plate in this collection. This is one of the design in this year.
 Deep fried tofu, eggplant and chicken balls in fish stock soup
 beef balls in glass (rice flour) noodles soup
 chicken noodle soup with home made noodles, visiting auntie in the countryside
 mountain goat licking icecream in nothern cascades parking lot
 The amount of food currently in my office is obscene. Yesterday, we had two boxes of cupcakes from Sprinkles!
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 we had icecream served to us in hollowed out fruit, oranges and lemons mosly... 
 homemade hello kitty cake and cupcakes by olga
 taufu, brinjals, lady fingers, bitter gourd stuffed with fish stuffing; and fish balls in soup
 Giant cupcake with silver hearts. Small cupcakes with wafer roses and silver hearts in butter cream.
 Chocolate cupcakes for a 2-year old's birthday.  All the butterflies and flowers were in bright orange, pink, and yellow.  
 Fried green tomatoes, she crab soup, shrimp corn dogs etc from @amenstreet in Charleston
 soup pots on food street in Wuhan
 pok pok chicken wings and thai (tom yum) soup with some grilled/sauteed veggies. homemade by a cute guy!
 Chocolate cupcakes in silver cups with purple buttercream.
 day 256under the candles - icecream roll cake - homemade by Scot. mmmmm
 These were very last minute cupcakes.  Butter cake with sour cream and white chocolate, with vanilla bc covered in fondant.
 blueberry cupcake at the dar back with lemon cupcakes in the front - all decorated with hand crafted flowers and butterflies.
 grilled salmon flake rice dumping served with a clear dashi broth - rice in soup
 Glutinous rice balls in black sesame soup
 White balls are made of fish mousse and there were also little pork dumplings in the soup.  
 My daughter loves to cook up a feast in the sandpit - fish soup and fish balls today!
 5 cupcakes and two bottles of juice later, he flipped the coffee table and punched a hole in the wall.
 Beach cupcakes - graham bears decorated with royal icing swim suits and sunglasses.  Bear buried in the sand
 fish balls & sliced fish in soup
 Tiny cupcakes and paper flowers made by Grace. I purchased them from her Etsy shop. So cute!
 Blueberry cupcakes with fondant flowers in the green and gold of Australia for an emmigrating friend
 Very pretty strawberry cakes covered in fondant with raspberry cheesecake cupcakes in the box too.
 better than any boy in moncora. coconut fish veggie soup properly named: coco loco soupa with fresh calamari. ahh. 
 7 dozen red velvet mini cupcakes with marshmallow fondant gerbera toppers in red, orange, yellow turquoise, and lime green.
 eating traditional Akha chicken soup cooked in bamboo!
 Hanging out in a shop doorway enjoying a mixed berry yoghurt icecream in a bamboo cup with a wooden spoon. 
 Cream cupcakes, topped by lemon & cream cheese and gummy bears
 plate before soup, duck confit in strudel dough, quail egg
